hello my name's Stuart and today we're
going to be unboxing the nokia n97 mini
we have another unboxing video for the
full size version and so check out our
channel if you want to see that
first thing to spot is the difference
here may not get to see it very well
this is aching instead of 32 on the
other is the first difference we can see
between the two just open out it opens
in the same way same train then as the
full-sized version and we'll have a look
at the phone first come back to
ourselves these on the box
as the phone itself just like its bigger
brother it has fold-out keyboard
and that's achieved by just pushing the
screens inside and it pops out ennis of
levered motion like that their phone is
little lighter than its a bigger brother
and the screen is slightly smaller
although the resolution is the same
another black nope on the back is that
this battery cover case is metal as you
can hear that and you've got the nokia
nseries written there this stick is
removable here as well you have the
camera it's got its own little plastic
cover like a screen protector on it so
make sure you take that off before you
start taking pictures and it's got the
same flash it's the same megapixel
camera but it doesn't have a slide cover
like it's a bigger brother still has the
same button here slides this is for your
key lock and again it's got the soon to
be standard-issue charging a piece here
the mini USB micro USB it's up here it's
got the front cameras and sensors just
like the other you make and receive make
an end call and your menu button
and that is the basic outline of the
phone itself and hopefully later on
we'll get a chest and play with it and
take you through some of the demos but
we'll save that for another video in the
train you've also got the battery the
battery itself is slightly lower spec to
the wedding the full size version and
and you see just the small amount of
change in their app standby time at all
time you can have and full details the
difference you can look it up if you're
interested but we're going to the specs
here what else we have in the box we
have the charger just like in all the
other phones we've unboxed and here it
has the soon to be standard a micro USB
connector similarly we have the data
cable this again has the same connector
so it will connect the same point on the
phone and a USB connector there for your
pc or laptop addition we have small bag
here which has headphone set now first
looks at this shows it's different to
the other n97 has a
different design here as a clip on the
back and this has your forward and back
track you play pause button and volume
controls and your call start and end
button on that see that now this one has
a standard headphone socket and the
in-ear headphones themselves at one
point of notice unlike some of the
others can't remove the controller from
the earphones and put your own on
doesn't stop you putting your own into
the phone directly but if you want that
controller you need to use these
earphones in addition in the box we have
the software so nokia promotional
material manual a getting started Pat a
lot more paperwork than we've seen in
our other phones this week because it's
a new flagship phone nokia that's
everything that we get in the box from
that just have a tray
that's everything you expect to get in
your new nokia n97 mini box